[DOCS] Jira integration (#11741)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/alerts/manage_incidents.md

- You must have [Workspace Editor permissions](/cloud/access/manage_access.md#roles-and-permissions) or greater to manage incidents.
- All workspace members can view the **Incidents** tab and follow incident links.
- Closing an incident’s issue in Jira does not automatically [resolve](/cloud/alerts/manage_incidents.md#edit-or-resolve-an-incident) the incident in GX Cloud.

## Create an incident

You can create an incident from the **Incidents** tab or the **Validations** tab. These two locations offer different options as follows:

- On the **Incidents** tab, you can link Jira issues to multiple failed Expectations from the last 5 failed Validation runs.
- On the **Validations** tab, you can link Jira issues to a single failed Expectation from any timeframe.

<Tabs 
   queryString="location"
   defaultValue="incidents"
   values={[
      {value: 'incidents', label: 'Incidents'},
      {value: 'validations', label: 'Validations'}
   ]}
>

<TabItem value="incidents" label="Incidents">
1. In GX Cloud, select the relevant **Workspace** and then click **Data Assets**.
2. In the **Data Assets** list, click the Data Asset name.
3. Click the **Incidents** tab.

> 4. Click <img src="/img/link_icon.png" alt="link icon" width="20" height="20"/> **Link an issue**.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Click <img src="/img/link_icon.png" alt="link icon" width="20" height="20"/> **Link a Jira issue**.
```

5. Select one or more **Expectation failures**.
6. Select one or more Jira **Issues**.
7. Click **Save**.
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="validations" label="Validations">
1. Navigate to a failed Validation run in one of the following ways:

   - From a [Slack or email notification](/cloud/alerts/alert_about_failures.md) about Expectation failures, click **View Validation Results** or **View details**.
   - In GX Cloud, do the following:
   
      1. Select the relevant **Workspace** and then click **Data Assets**.
      2. In the **Data Assets** list, click the Data Asset name.
      3. Click the **Validations** tab.
      4. If you have multiple **Expectation Suites**, select the suite of interest.
      5. Select an entry in the **Batches & run history** pane.

> 2. Find the Expectation failure you want to link and click <img src="/img/link_icon.png" alt="link icon" width="20" height="20"/> **Link an issue**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Find the Expectation failure you want to link and click <img src="/img/link_icon.png" alt="link icon" width="20" height="20"/> **Link a Jira issue**.
```

3. Select one or more Jira **Issues**.
4. Click **Save**.
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Edit or resolve an incident

As data quality problems are addressed, you can unlink Expectation failures and Jira issues to resolve incidents. You can unlink a single Expectation failure or all Expectation failures that were linked to a Jira issue. 

<Tabs 
   queryString="scope"
   defaultValue="single"
   values={[
      {value: 'single', label: 'Single'},
      {value: 'all', label: 'All'}
   ]}
>

<TabItem value="single" label="Single">
1. Select the relevant **Workspace** and then click **Data Assets**.
2. In the **Data Assets** list, click the Data Asset name.
3. Click the **Validations** tab.
4. If you have multiple **Expectation Suites**, select the suite of interest.
5. Select the relevant entry in the **Batches & run history** pane.

> 6. Find the Expectation failure you want to unlink and hover over the <img src="/img/jira_logo.png" alt="jira logo" width="20" height="20"/> **Jira** icon.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Find the Expectation failure you want to unlink and click the <img src="/img/jira_logo.png" alt="jira logo" width="20" height="20"/> **Jira** icon.
```
